Create FAQ.md (#54)
get10101/10101.github.io: FAQ.md

That's why you need to make sure you back up your recovery phrase and keep it safe.

### How is it possible to trade directly from my wallet, without a platform?

This prowess is made possible by Discreet Log Contracts.

These are peer-to-peer contacts, involving two parties who lock funds into a specific channel. The release of which is conditional: when the contract expires, it releases the funds in the proportions corresponding to the conditions defined at the outset, using data from an oracle to ensure that the transaction proceeds smoothly, in order to prevent any non-collaborative outcome.

DLCs can be seen as an additional layer built on top of the Lightning Network.

If you want to learn more, we produced a series of [blog posts](https://10101.finance/blog/dlc-to-lightning-part-1) on this topic, and another one on the specific case of [trading settlements](https://10101.finance/blog/trade-settlement).

### How do USDp and synthetic currencies work?

USDp and synthetic currencies within 10101 are referred to synthetics in finance.

> You will have a USD balance circulating on Lightning, holding nothing but sats and a short position combined.

Reviewer: I think this is _how_ it works, but maybe you want to add something else. Maybe an example, but I wasn't sure how to construct it.

```suggestion
USDp represents a stable USD balance because it is backed by a DLC which pays out a variable number of sats corresponding to a _fixed_ amount of USD.
```

> It's a financial product that hedges you against the volatility of Bitcoin and tracking the value of USD, using only Bitcoin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a financial product to hedge against the volatility of Bitcoin whilst tracking the value of USD, using only Bitcoin.
```

If you want to learn more about it we've produced a [blog post](https://10101.finance/blog/synthetic-stable) on this topic.

### What's the point of the recovery phrase?

> Your recovery phrase (sometimes called "seed") is the only way to redeem your funds. If you've deleted the app or lost the data on your phone, you will not be able to access your funds without it. We will be unable to assist you either.

Reviewer: I'm not very inspired right now, but I think saying that the seed is the "only way to redeem your funds" sounds a bit weird. Maybe we can rearrange this to make it clear that the seed is only needed _if_ something goes wrong.

You absolutely must save it and keep it in a safe place.

> In the case of 10101, this backup will enable you to restore your funds within the app from both your on-chain and lightning wallet, as well as your transaction history and open orders, if you haven't exceeded the time limit* for your futures contracts.

Reviewer: I would not clarify that at this stage. At worst they should get their PNL as if they closed the position at the expiry time.

```suggestion
In the case of 10101, this backup will enable you to restore your funds within the app from both your on-chain and Lightning wallet, as well as your transaction history and open orders.
```

Also, should we talk about how this is done. At least mentioning that we send encrypted backups to our server that can only be decrypted by the user app using their seed.

### Do I have to run a node separately to use 10101?

> The lightning self-custodial wallet embeds a node directly on your device, so there's no need to run a separate node to use the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lightning self-custodial wallet embeds a node directly on your device, so there's no need to run a separate node to use the app.
```

> As for the Bitcoin wallet (On-Chain), it will soon be possible to connect your own node, in order to be independent and sovereign in broadcasting and receiving your transactions from your device.

Reviewer: Hehe, I don't know about how soon! Also, we could also mention that eventually the Lightning node could also run separately.

### How can I fund my Lightning wallet?

> To fund your lightning wallet, you'll need to open a channel with 10101, with a minimum deposit size of 60,000 sats and a maximum of 3 million sats.

Reviewer: Maybe mention that these values are correct at the time of writing and reference the date. Because should be stale soon.

```suggestion
To fund your Lightning wallet, you'll need to open a channel with 10101, with a minimum deposit size of 60,000 sats and a maximum of 3 million sats.
```

Depending on the size of this channel, you'll be able to open larger or smaller positions in the trading section, or hold more or less synthetic currency in your wallet.

> ### Can I fund my Lightning wallet with my On-chain balance?

Reviewer: I think we should keep all mentions of "on-chain" lowercase.

```suggestion
### Can I fund my Lightning wallet with my on-chain balance?
```

> It is not yet possible to fund your Lightning with your on-chain balance directly from the app, you will need to fund it from another Lightning wallet, or use a third party service that will allow you to perform atomic swaps, such as [Boltz](https://boltz.exchange)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not yet possible to fund your Lightning wallet with your on-chain balance directly from the app. You will need to fund it from another Lightning wallet, or use a third party service that will allow you to perform atomic swaps, such as [Boltz](https://boltz.exchange).
```

### Can I open several positions at the same time?

It is not yet possible to open several different positions. However, it is possible to resize your position at any time, without being able to change the leverage.

### Why can I not trade with my full Lightning balance?

You will not be able to open positions covering your entire Lightning balance, as you will need to keep a reserve on your balance.

> Part of this reserve must remain in your channel to keep it open. Another part is also reserved so that an On-chain transaction can be published, enabling you to recover your funds in any worst-case scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Part of this reserve must remain in your channel to keep it open. Another part is also reserved so that on-chain transaction fees can be covered, enabling you to recover your funds in any worst-case scenario.
```

> ### I can no longer see my funds on my lightning balance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why can I no longer see my funds on my Lightning balance?
```

> We're sorry to hear that you may have had a forced channel closure, this can happen for a variety of reasons...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is very likely that your channel was force-closed. You probably ran into a bug. We're sorry about that.
```

And then encourage them to get in touch.

> Don't worry, your funds will soon be available on your On-chain balance (within two to three days), this delay is due to security timelocks related to Lightning On-chain operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your funds should soon be available on your on-chain balance (within two to three days). This delay is due to security timelocks related to Lightning on-chain operations.
```

Maybe add a separate entry if the funds have not arrived after X days. Then we know something else is wrong (likely high on-chain fees) and we should be able to collaboratively revert.

In any case, don't hesitate to get in touch with our team, who will be able to help you and answer your questions on our dedicated telegram [support channel](https://t.me/get10101/1189).

> ### I need guidance

Reviewer: Maybe link Telegram again here.
